[docs] Warn about BIGINT UNSIGNED overflow with default long mode (#7568)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/ref-mariadb-mysql-rqd-connector-cfg-props.adoc

Set one of the following options:

`long`:::: Uses Java `long` data types to represent BIGINT UNSIGNED column values.

> Although the `long` type is easy to consume in most clients, it cannot represent the full range of BIGINT UNSIGNED values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the `long` type is easy for most clients to consume, it cannot represent the full range of BIGINT UNSIGNED values.
```

Author: Applied in https://github.com/debezium/debezium/pull/7568/commits/e11395961a55d53f4621a7635102fbfb14914187.

+
[WARNING]
====
Because `long` is the default value, the connector uses signed `long` semantics for BIGINT UNSIGNED columns unless you set this property to `precise`.
Values greater than 2^63 - 1 overflow and are emitted to change events as negative numbers, which results in silent data corruption that the connector does not report as an error.

> If a BIGINT UNSIGNED column can hold values larger than 2^63 - 1, set `bigint.unsigned.handling.mode` to `precise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long types represent BIGINT UNSIGNED columns as 64-bit signed integers.
Because the maximum value for a signed Java long is 2^63 - 1, values that exceed that size are not represented correctly. 
If a value in a BIGINT UNSIGNED column exceeds the maximum size of a Java long, the connector emits the column value as a negative number. 
Because the connectore does not report an error  the mapping can result in silent data corruption.
If a BIGINT UNSIGNED columns in the source database hold values larger than 2^63 - 1, set `bigint.unsigned.handling.mode` to `precise`.
```

Author: Applied with typo corrections in https://github.com/debezium/debezium/pull/7568/commits/c0eab6e53be6bf4d30456099dcb8e71e780e315a.

====

`precise`:::: Uses `java.math.BigDecimal` data types to represent values.
The connector uses the Kafka Connect `org.apache.kafka.connect.data.Decimal` data type to represent values in encoded binary format.

> Set this option if the connector can work with values larger than 2^63 - 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this option to enable the connector to process BIGINT values larger than 2^63 - 1.
```

Author: Applied in https://github.com/debezium/debezium/pull/7568/commits/aab6f5cc99fbc465c799f58bc88e59629fa41253.
